hey guys so today I'm doing a review and
demonstration of how to use these two
products that I got sent to me by
naturally curly calm first I'm going to
be using the curl activator cream both
are pretty inexpensive the curl
activator is 595 for a little over three
ounces and here I'm just showing you the
texture of it it's really thick and
creamy so it does add a lot of moisture
because of this but you do have to be
careful of getting too much on your hair
and weighing it down so here's just how
I applied it this is my KO washed hair
and I'm just smoothing the products
throughout my hair after I'm done
smoothing I'm scrunching it in kind of
like a gel because for this product I
use it as both a leave-in and a styler
because it kind of has that texture and
then some people said they didn't like
the smell in other reviews but I
actually really liked all these products
smell it's kind of like a fresh smell
but it is pretty strong so here are the
results this is actually a different
time I use this product and in this
these clips I had used my regular
styling products underneath so I think
my hair was a little bit way down
because of that
but this product gave excellent
definition and shine to my hair so the
second time I use it I didn't even use
my normal leave-in and it still worked
great
so as you can see my hair is really
shiny and bouncy and mainly because of
this product especially in that section
right there so next I'm going to be
using the 30 second curl spray this is
also pretty cheap it's $4.99 for 5
ounces but the stream comes out very
concentrated so I would recommend
spraying it into your hand first so this
is some old hair that was just in a
single braid so I'm not going to get my
normal curls back by using this but I'm
just trying to use this to get a little
bit more life into my wavy hair I'm
starting off with spritzing my hair with
water this product does say you can use
it on dry hair but I prefer to put a
little bit of water underneath my
products
so after I'm done spritzing water I'm
just taking the 30 second curl spray and
throwing it into my hand like I showed
before and then rubbing it into my hands
and spreading it out in my hair I
actually don't scrunch when I use this
product because my hair tends to really
frizz up if I scrunch it after it's old
so here are the results it added a lot
of volume and life back into my hair it
didn't define this type of wavy hair as
much as it defined my natural curls when
I had them on the second or third day so
I did like how this worked a little bit
better on my natural texture more so
than my stretched texture but it still
did provide volume
so overall I give the curl activator of
4.5 out of 5 I really loved it and I
would repurchase in the 30 second spray
give us 3 out of 5 because it was just
okay it didn't do anything special for
me so thank you guys for watching and
please subscribe to my channel I'll see
you my next video bye